---
layout: post
title: "Updates"
date: "2018-08-10"
---

Today is the end of my first week at home. A lot has happened over the past week.

## Meals
I eat _a lot_.  Mommy tried to breastfeed me at first, but I wasn’t getting enough food that way, so I started to eat more and more formula. It’s alright, but it’s not Mommy’s boob. I still try to feed from there sometimes, but Mommy says there’s no food in there anymore. So formula it is. But, every so often at night, if I make the right noises after eating, Mommy will let me onto her boob for a while. I still like it, even if it is pretty dry.

Mommy seems to be obsessed with this one look I give her. I stare into her eyes and make an “O” with my mouth. She thinks it’s the best thing ever and tries to take video of it, but I don’t let her. Now I think she’s starting to realize that is the face I make when I am pooping.

## Sleeping
At first, I was sleeping in the bassinet downstairs. mommy was sleeping in the couch next to me, just in case I cried or needed a diaper change or was hungry. Later on in the week, Mommy moved the bassinet to her bedroom upstairs and I sleep there now, right next to Mommy’s bed. It’s comfy and dark in there.

## Play time
I don’t get too much play time because, most of the time, I would rather eat or sleep. (Sometimes I fall asleep on Mommy and she lets me lay there for a long, long time.)

When I am awake, Mommy does play with me. Sometimes she puts me on my tummy. I try to get up and move but I can’t. I don’t like it very much at all.

Mommy also started reading to me. So far, we read —- and _Rocket Science for Babies_.

Mommy also likes to play music on Alexa during the day. We started by listening to a lot of random folk music, but lately, she plays _a lot_ of Dar Williams. I like to fall asleep to it.
